Remove prerender option from injectRoute (#11978)
withastro/astro: .changeset/two-beans-try.md

---
'@astrojs/web-vitals': major
'astro': major
---

> Remove the prerender option from injectRoute
> 
> The `injectRoute` integration method no longer accepts `prerender: true`. Instead the route's entrypoint needs to contain `export const prerender = true`, the same as non-injected routes.

Reviewer: ``````suggestion
Removes the `prerender` option from `injectRoute` in the Integrations API.

The `injectRoute` integration method no longer accepts `prerender: true`. 

Instead,  add the `prerender` export to your injected route like you would for other routes defined in the `src/pages` directory:

```astro
---
export const prerender = true
---
```
``````
I have something like this in the upgrade guide. Does this work?
